=== PERMISSIONS LIST ===

Permission Name           | Description
--------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------
manage_users              | Create, edit, or deactivate users
manage_roles              | Create and manage user roles
manage_permissions        | Create and manage permissions
assign_roles              | Assign roles to users
view_audit_logs           | Access system audit logs
manage_system_settings    | Update global/system settings
manage_tags               | Create, update, or delete tags
create_post               | Create a new post
edit_own_post             | Edit posts created by the user
edit_any_post             | Edit posts created by any user
delete_own_post           | Delete posts created by the user
delete_any_post           | Delete posts created by any user
approve_post_comment      | Approve or reject comments on posts
create_event              | Create a new event
edit_own_event            | Edit events created by the user
edit_any_event            | Edit events created by any user
delete_own_event          | Delete events created by the user
delete_any_event          | Delete events created by any user
approve_event_comment     | Approve or reject comments on events

=== ROLES vs PERMISSIONS CROSS TABLE ===

Permission Name           | Super  | Admin  | Redacteur | Auteur
--------------------------|--------|--------|-----------|--------
manage_users              |   yes  |  yes   |           |       
manage_roles              |   yes  |        |           |       
manage_permissions        |   yes  |        |           |       
assign_roles              |   yes  |  yes   |           |       
view_audit_logs           |   yes  |        |           |       
manage_system_settings    |   yes  |        |           |       
manage_tags               |   yes  |  yes   |    yes    |       
create_post               |   yes  |  yes   |    yes    |  yes  
edit_own_post             |        |        |           |  yes  
edit_any_post             |   yes  |  yes   |    yes    |       
delete_own_post           |        |        |           |  yes  
delete_any_post           |   yes  |  yes   |    yes    |       
approve_post_comment      |   yes  |  yes   |    yes    |       
create_event              |   yes  |  yes   |    yes    |  yes  
edit_own_event            |        |        |           |  yes  
edit_any_event            |   yes  |  yes   |    yes    |       
delete_own_event          |        |        |           |  yes  
delete_any_event          |   yes  |  yes   |    yes    |       
approve_event_comment     |   yes  |  yes   |    yes    |       
